 MODELLING PRO TIPS:
 - Just train and validate a bunch of random models to get a set of promising models (LR, Naive Bayes, SVM, Random Forest, XGB, NN...)
 
 HyperParameter: initial parameters of the model (Not the w,b)
 
 FINETUNE:
 1. Fine-tune hyperparameters (grid search or random search)
 2. Ensemble methods (Combine models)
 3. Assess the final model(looks at the metrics and make sure it performs well in all categories)
 
 AFTER FINETUNING:
 1. Feature selection
 2. Explainability
 3. Document the ML 
 4. Deploy in API ? 
 5. Monitor
 6. Try to assess future model degradation 
 

MAYBE WE NEED TO MODIFY DATA PIPELINE OR ADD NEW ZONES 
 
 
 
 
 ADVANCED TOPICS:
 	1. Data Discovery ---> Data lakes are data repositories that contain a lot of information and have 2 characteristics (given that several entities are going to just dump their data without even fricking preprocessing it in any way...): 
 		- They are massive and inefficient to query probably 
 		- They are heterogeneuos (different formats and different data representations)
 		
 	Data discovery wants to find possible candidates data sets inside this massive Data lake to be able to perform operations like Union/Join/Fill nulls. Given the humungous size O(n²) algorithms would not perform well, therefore we need to find algorithms to efficiently find possible matching datasets
 	
	2.   Data Augmentation ----> The goal is to generate a mechanism to find/create data that would improve the performance of the model. For tabular data we can just add new columns of joined data sets.
	
	One way is feature selection, however modern approaches do not need models nor execution of them. Another interesting approach is generative data augmentation (Synthetic data). 
 
 
	3. Feature Selection -----> 
		1. Filter Statistics methods (Chisq tests between X variables or other inferential methods)(Fast and simple but doesn't improve performance much) 
		2. Wrapper model training methods (re-trains the model with less features to try to see the impact of each variable) (its better but very slow)
		3. Embedded methods (During training its really fast and performant, but restricted to a certain kind of models like random forests) 
		
	
	4. Data Quality 
		We are not operating in a real relational database schema (We need to first define schema and tables and then ingest data, but we are doing the other way around),
		Denial constraints to ensure data quality...
		
	5. Entity Resolution
		Fuzzy matching 
		Supervised learning
		
		
CONCLUSION: the easiest advanced topics we could 
		
	


